research/index.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: 
tags: [market microstructure, derivatives markets, applied econometrics, computational methods]
modified: 2014-08-08T20:53:07.573882-04:00
comments: true
---

# Research Papers

On this page you can review my research publications and work in progress.

## Publications

-	Blau, B., and Brough, T. (2014) [Are Put-Call Ratios a Substitute for Short Sales?](http://link.springer.com/article/10.1007/s11147-014-9102-3) 
	Forthcoming at *Review of Derivatives Research*.

-	Blau, B., and Brough, T. (2014) [Short Sales and Option Listing Decisions](http://goo.gl/bFUpCD)
	*Financial Management*, Vol. 43, No. 3, pp. 703 - 724.

-	Blau, B., Brough, T., and Thomas, D. (2014) [Economic Freedom and the Stability of Stock Prices: A Cross-Country Analysis](http://goo.gl/kBHZ9A),
	*Journal of International Money and Finance*, Vol. 41, pp. 182 - 196.

-	Blau, B, Brough, T., Smith, J., and Stephens, N. (2013). [An Examination of Short-Selling Activity Surrounding Auditor Changes](http://goo.gl/x9JXDc), 
	*Journal of Accounting, Auditing & Finance*, Vol. 28, No. 4, pp. 348 - 368.

-	Blau, B., Brough, T., and Thomas, D. (2013) [Corporate lobbying, political connections, and the bailout of banks](http://goo.gl/wUsH01),
	*Journal of Banking and Finance*, Vol. 37, No. 8, pp. 3007 - 3017. 

-	Alldredge, D., Blau, B., and Brough, T. (2012) [Short Selling After Hours](http://goo.gl/HLWUcX),
	*Journal of Economics and Business*, Vol. 64, No. 6, pp. 439 - 451.

-	Blau, B., and Brough, T. (2012) [Short Sales, Stealth Trading, and the Suspension of the Uptick Rule](http://goo.gl/VHDpUx),
	*Quarterly Review of Economics and Finance*, Vol. 52, No. 1, pp. 38 - 48.

-	Blau, B., and Brough, T. (2012) [Concentrated Short-Selling Activity: Bear Raids or Contrarian Trading?](http://goo.gl/xwzol8),
	*International Journal of Managerical Finance*, Vol. 8, No. 3 , pp. 187 - 203.

-	Blau, B., and Brough, T. (2011) [Is the Trading of Inverse ETF's a Bearish Signal?](http://goo.gl/mIIu5t),
	*Journal of Trading*, Vol. 6, No. 3, pp. 32 - 40.


## Work in Progress 

-	Brough, T. (2015) [Teaching Financial Derivativates with the Python Programming Language]().

-	Aldrich, E., and Brough, T. (2015) [Predictive Model Averaging for Bayesian Option Pricing]().


# Book

I am under contract with Apress Publishers to write a book titled [Beginning `C++` for Financial Analysts]() to be published in 2015. The book assumes no programming experience, but does assume a familiarity with financial economics at the masters level.

Commit message:

Updated research summary page with working papers and book.

research/index.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: 
tags: [market microstructure, derivatives markets, applied econometrics, computational methods]
modified: 2014-08-08T20:53:07.573882-04:00
comments: true
---

# Research Papers

On this page you can review my research publications and work in progress.

## Publications

-	Blau, B., and Brough, T. (2014) [Are Put-Call Ratios a Substitute for Short Sales?](http://link.springer.com/article/10.1007/s11147-014-9102-3) 
	Forthcoming at *Review of Derivatives Research*.

-	Blau, B., and Brough, T. (2014) [Short Sales and Option Listing Decisions](http://goo.gl/bFUpCD)
	*Financial Management*, Vol. 43, No. 3, pp. 703 - 724.

-	Blau, B., Brough, T., and Thomas, D. (2014) [Economic Freedom and the Stability of Stock Prices: A Cross-Country Analysis](http://goo.gl/kBHZ9A),
	*Journal of International Money and Finance*, Vol. 41, pp. 182 - 196.

-	Blau, B, Brough, T., Smith, J., and Stephens, N. (2013). [An Examination of Short-Selling Activity Surrounding Auditor Changes](http://goo.gl/x9JXDc), 
	*Journal of Accounting, Auditing & Finance*, Vol. 28, No. 4, pp. 348 - 368.

-	Blau, B., Brough, T., and Thomas, D. (2013) [Corporate lobbying, political connections, and the bailout of banks](http://goo.gl/wUsH01),
	*Journal of Banking and Finance*, Vol. 37, No. 8, pp. 3007 - 3017. 

-	Alldredge, D., Blau, B., and Brough, T. (2012) [Short Selling After Hours](http://goo.gl/HLWUcX),
	*Journal of Economics and Business*, Vol. 64, No. 6, pp. 439 - 451.

-	Blau, B., and Brough, T. (2012) [Short Sales, Stealth Trading, and the Suspension of the Uptick Rule](http://goo.gl/VHDpUx),
	*Quarterly Review of Economics and Finance*, Vol. 52, No. 1, pp. 38 - 48.

-	Blau, B., and Brough, T. (2012) [Concentrated Short-Selling Activity: Bear Raids or Contrarian Trading?](http://goo.gl/xwzol8),
	*International Journal of Managerical Finance*, Vol. 8, No. 3 , pp. 187 - 203.

-	Blau, B., and Brough, T. (2011) [Is the Trading of Inverse ETF's a Bearish Signal?](http://goo.gl/mIIu5t),
	*Journal of Trading*, Vol. 6, No. 3, pp. 32 - 40.


## Work in Progress 
- [The Economic Effects of Renewable Portfolio Standards: An Econometric Analysis]().
- [Teaching Financial Derivativates with the Python Programming Language]().
- [Tools for Reproducible Research in Financial Economics]().
- [Classifying Trade-Direction Indicators from High-Frequency Financial Data](), with J. Egginton and T. Moon.
- [Bayesian Option Pricing with Predictive Model Averaging](), with E. Aldrich.
- [Measuring Pricing Error in Modern Financial Markets](), with B. Blau.
- [Are Corporate Insiders Informed Traders?](), with B. Blau. 


# Book

I am under contract with Apress Publishers to write a book titled *Beginning Programming for Financial Analysts in `Python`, `C++`, and `Cython`* to be published in 2016. The book assumes no programming experience, but does assume a familiarity with financial economics at the masters level.
