teaching/index.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: Teaching
tags: [derivative markets, python, computational methods]
modified: 2015-09-16
comments: false 
---

In Spring 2016 I will be teaching four courses:

## Finance 3200 - Financial Management

**[Finance 3200](/teaching/FIN3200)** is an undergraduate first course in finance for all business majors in the Jon M. Huntsmand School of Business at Utah
State University. 

## Finance 4480 - Derivatives Markets

**[Finance 4480](/teaching/FIN4480)** is an undergraduate introductory course on derivatives markets covering the institutional features of
modern derivarives markets as well as pricing models their application for trading and hedging. The basics of the Python
programming language is taught to reinforce learning and to give practical real-world experience implementing these
models. 

## Finance 6470 - Derivatives Markets

**[Finance 6470](/teaching/FIN6470)** is a graduate level course on derivatives markets. It covers market institutions and the basic pricing models, but also introduces more advanced concepts from financial economics including stochastic calculus, risk-neutral pricing, and the equivalent martingale pricing methodology and its associated mathematics. Python programming is used to reinforce concepts, but programming is not the main focus of the course.

## Finance 6320 - Computational Methods

**[Finance 6320](/teaching/FIN6320)** is a graduate level introduction to scientific programming for modern financial economics and econometrics. Students learn to program in the Python programming language, which has become the de facto standard for scientific and numerical computing. Topics include basic numerical methods, Monte Carlo simulation, and software engineering best practices for scientists. High performance computing is  briefly covered. Students complete a class project in either numerical derivatives pricing or financial econometrics.

Commit message:

Added warning about updating teaching site.

teaching/index.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: Teaching
tags: [derivative markets, python, computational methods]
modified: 2015-09-18
comments: false 
---

This site is in the process of being updated (9/18/2015). In Spring 2016 I will be teaching four courses:

## Finance 3200 - Financial Management

**[Finance 3200](/teaching/FIN3200)** is an undergraduate first course in finance for all business majors in the Jon M. Huntsmand School of Business at Utah
State University. 

## Finance 4480 - Derivatives Markets

**[Finance 4480](/teaching/FIN4480)** is an undergraduate introductory course on derivatives markets covering the institutional features of
modern derivarives markets as well as pricing models their application for trading and hedging. The basics of the Python
programming language is taught to reinforce learning and to give practical real-world experience implementing these
models. 

## Finance 6470 - Derivatives Markets

**[Finance 6470](/teaching/FIN6470)** is a graduate level course on derivatives markets. It covers market institutions and the basic pricing models, but also introduces more advanced concepts from financial economics including stochastic calculus, risk-neutral pricing, and the equivalent martingale pricing methodology and its associated mathematics. Python programming is used to reinforce concepts, but programming is not the main focus of the course.

## Finance 6320 - Computational Methods

**[Finance 6320](/teaching/FIN6320)** is a graduate level introduction to scientific programming for modern financial economics and econometrics. Students learn to program in the Python programming language, which has become the de facto standard for scientific and numerical computing. Topics include basic numerical methods, Monte Carlo simulation, and software engineering best practices for scientists. High performance computing is  briefly covered. Students complete a class project in either numerical derivatives pricing or financial econometrics.
