---
title: "Welcome"
excerpt_separator: "<!--more-->"
categories:
  - Blog
tags:
  - Poetry
  - Warning
---

**Warning:** I will now proceed to entangle the entire area...
{: .notice--warning}

Welcome to my academic blog titled __The Man Watching__, which
is the name of one of my favorite poems written by [Rainer Maria Rilke](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rainer_Maria_Rilke).

<!--more-->

At the end of every semester I read the following poem to my students. I hope you will enjoy it,
and that it will give you a hint about my way of thinking.

> # __The Man Watching__ 
> by Rainer Maria Rilke

> I can tell by the way the trees beat, after     <br>
> so many dull days, on my worried windowpanes    <br>
> that a storm is coming,                         <br>
> and I hear the far-off fields say things        <br>
> I can't bear without a friend,                  <br>
> I can't love without a sister                   <br>

> The storm, the shifter of shapes, drives on     <br>
> across the woods and across time,               <br>
> and the world looks as if it had no age:        <br>
> the landscape like a line in the psalm book,    <br>
> is seriousness and weight and eternity.         <br>

> _What we choose to fight is so tiny!_           <br>
> _What fights us is so great!_                   <br>
> If only we would let ourselves be dominated     <br>
> as things do by some immense storm,             <br>
> we would become strong too, and not need names. <br>

> _When we win it's with small things,_           <br>
> _and the triumph itself makes us small._        <br>
> What is extraordinary and eternal               <br>
> does not want to be bent by us.                 <br> 
> I mean the Angel who appeared                   <br>
> to the wrestlers of the Old Testament:          <br>
> when the wrestler's sinews                      <br> 
> grew long like metal strings,                   <br>
> he felt them under his fingers                  <br> 
> like chords of deep music.                      <br>

> Whoever was beaten by this Angel                <br>
> (who often simply declined the fight)           <br>
> went away proud and strengthened                <br>
> and great from that harsh hand,                 <br>
> that kneaded him as if to change his shape.     <br>
> Winning does not tempt that man.                <br>
> ___This is how he grows: by being defeated,___  <br>
> ___decisively, by constantly greater beings.___ <br>

:wq
